Osaka
How much do I remember about Osaka? I remember...
I know the three masterpieces.(***)
(***)
Yeah,Sugawara and the Secrets of Calligraphy.
Yoshitsune and the Thousand Cherry Trees?
Oh, the like Treasury of Loyal Retainers.
But,Its for (***)
was come
What?
Osaka, i don't
Closer
Osaka?
Sakai? I knew that.
I was testing you.
I was just needing to make sure you knew, because I know it.
I was just making sure you were done.
So...
Geography? yeah..
A little bit. No, no.
I think,Russia
Wait. Oh, it's Tone.
and then Ishikari
Teshio, Kida Kami.
Just stop
Shinano is like the...
No, I lied. That was a lie. That was a lie. I just lied.
it's (***)
(***)
Yeah,I literally know where it is in my notes. I know what the map looks like, but I can't remember which river is which.
okay wait I know okay
Wait, let me go to our...
Okay, the Tesshio is like  Aquish like, near like Tokyo.
right that's like where like that region gets most of its water source i know that
(***)
Not sure.
Ho...Tokyo, what?
Its assure???
I'm not...
I know it provides a lot of water to like Tokyo and surrounding cultures
From i'm sure
and then, he's not coming to- what?
Moving on, Rikinokawi is in Hokkaido. I know that one.
I know.
Are you serious?
I'm so cooked. So so cooked.
Sure
with the why
We are a,We asked whether it's to
Wait, okay. What's the answer?
The yo,yeah . I saw  got that right.
I don't think that's right. I said,I said  there's a while under in it
That's pretty good.
That's pretty good 40 minutes
Whatever, whatever.
um...
Shucks, I know this one. Could it perchance be...
Not Fuji?
i'm not really sure though wait i know this one
Kita......kitha
However
What's over for me? I can't look at myself.
and language.
I got 70% of them.
i didn't get the one about the effective
like affective word or verb I forgot
No, like the open-ended one. You said like...
You said it was weirded, like li ke worded weirdly. I didn't get that one.
Yeah